how am I supposed to live without
airdrop how does that make you feel
living without airdrop so scared it's a
world that's so unknown yeah why are
creators giving up on the MacBook we're
talking about
maca books this is yeah I think it's a
2016 or 2017 something like that touch
bar 7th gen i7 and then you got the 2014
20s I will say this MacBook with
supports ok people the ports is the best
MacBook iteration since you know it's
2012 through 2015
yep such a great MacBook but I think
that they're kind of going downhill and
that's what we're gonna talk about so
these are my very creative creative
friends Chris and Lizzie I'm gonna let
them tell you a little bit about
themselves hey my name is Chris and this
is Lizzie she is my fiance I am we also
own a business together we run a video
production and marketing agency we
produce a lot of commercial content for
like companies like Mercedes Benz Quran
things like that and we do a lot of
creative things for both Korea's for
both youtubers and we're constantly busy
and using these things like crazy Chris
you said something interesting earlier
I'm just how are you feeling differently
about Apple I just think it's
interesting like there's just a sense of
like a vibe that's going on right now
between the the YouTube videos that you
see the lack of marketing for computers
like this like the MacBook I just AM in
a position right now for the first time
in my entire life where I'm actually
thinking about switching to a different
computer a different operating system
and for my entire life I've been in grid
and Apple in the MacBook and just the
fact that I'm even thinking about it
Severine says a lot
context if you are a first-time viewer
here on this very peachy youtube channel
this 2016 MacBook Pros kind of what sent
me over the edge so I've been using the
Dell XPS 15 95 70 for all of my video
needs and I liked it a lot but I have a
lot of friends lately that are like I'm
feeling what you've been feeling and my
biggest thing is if you don't travel
getting an iMac or like a PC tower is
gonna be the biggest bang for your buck
a lot of times laptops period just
cannot cool properly the power that you
need so maybe we'll get into that but
Lizzie you got an upgrade that you're
thinking about right yeah so Chris and I
just bought our first home which comes
with an office space which we're super
excited about and as we mentioned we
travel all the time so that's why a
laptop made the most sense for us but
now especially because this is a 2014
edition yeah um I need something new so
we're gonna sit and chat just a little
bit maybe if you have any questions
because I have so many I've been doing
so many laptop reviews lately and so
much digging into this kind of Mac first
piece do you think and I think they
really truly are the ideal people that
Apple should be paying attention to yeah
yeah yeah yeah but when iPhone sells are
60% of your profit prosumer creative
tools kind of get left behind I spent so
much money on something that should be
rock-solid reliable at that price point
us to 4k yeah $4,000 yeah I drop we work
as great as which is very difficult in
that field do you even start to make
money yet so we raised a certain amount
of money okay I'm gonna invest in
something that should be rock-solid
reliable and can you believe it the H
key start stop working my last name is
how H I can't even write to sign off of
emails I just wrote Tris how ya in there
so many frustration even beyond the
keyboard the touch bar being honestly
kind of point
there's some cool stuff that musicians
are doing with it but that kind of stuff
it's kind of giving you just felt like a
marketing team yeah and then they
charged a ton of yummy for it and sorry
Chris people bought into it
and it just wasn't and then hearing I'm
sitting with all my Forte's not happy
you know SD card I have a lack of ports
has it hurt you oh I saw the SD port
there to like just light house those
days those are the days sort of feels
like they're purposely leaving laptops
behind and pushing us towards you know
working on iPad iPad Pro super-powerful
you have luma fusion which you know like
I don't know about you guys but I can't
edit a full video no on an iPad right I
need those professional yeah I was like
Adobe Premiere and when it comes to
Premiere you have CUDA processing which
actually you know I'll get into that cuz
idea this had to go into repair for
three days I was out of a computer for
three days three days as a youtuber as a
professional creative is far too long I
don't even care that it was a free
repair they made a mistake and I don't
like that just to fix the keyboard that
just that upset me a lot other thing is
when you put the dongle in on a certain
side the Wi-Fi is actually on a certain
side of the laptop and it'll actually
interfere with your Wi-Fi connection
yeah so slower internet if not any
internet at all I personally experienced
that Google Chrome just cannot work on
this laptop and whatever is it I don't
know what is up before some contacts
Google Chrome is a very memory intensive
program yeah so a lot of people do make
fun of it for that purpose however
whatever laptop you're using if it's a
$4,000 spec out laptop it should be able
to run any internet browser
yeah right it just felt like I didn't
upgrade let's just put that I had a 2014
I had the exact same one and it
literally felt like I just spent money
and it was like a slightly thinner Apple
said a reputation of just working and me
personally Mac OS is better
still better than windows it's easy to
get around and so if you do not travel I
would say hands down again an iMac
there's still more room for the parts to
properly cool and then now with the
latest update you can have the 8th gen
and nitrogen processors in there but
then you can also get a lot of value
from a PC tower because as I've been
reviewing these PC laptops it's still a
journey to find a PC laptop a
windows-based laptop that fits your
needs but it's cheaper and it's more
powerful and for premier users laptop
therapy with Sarah
Lizzie tell me how you feel
it's just I'm feeling really overwhelmed
and it's just a lot I have it's a big
decision I just don't know what the
right choices and I didn't think I would
be saying goodbye so ok Lizzie you need
a new computer I think this can start a
great conversation with these people who
need a laptop upgrade or maybe they need
a desktop and they can relate to you
video Queen yes so I edit all the time
all of the time and premiere and so I
need something that's gonna keep up
because me editing 4k footage right now
is not happening oh no no no no so
painfully slow and it's 100% affecting
my process so and I'm also editing
photos as well I'm working After Effects
so I would 100% say this problem is for
the people who use Adobe products they
love Adobe products and they're
struggling with their MacBook if you are
in the Apple ecosystem and you use Final
Cut and use only Apple products that's
the great thing about Apple is if you
use everything Apple it's great and
you're in your lala land
but what's premier because these PC
laptops use and video graphics you can
have what's called CUDA processing and
that allows you to not only export
quicker but also render and scrub
through your timeline way faster it
accelerates the graphics you can only
get that with Nvidia graphics and that's
only gonna be in these Windows laptops
but you said something interesting where
you're interested in
getting a dust yes coz like but you
travel a lot so we travel a lot but now
that we have our home we just bought a
home Congrats I will still need a laptop
but this is still like for the trips
that we go on I can survive on this for
now Wow
the 2014 MacBook you think surviving but
I I definitely need a desktop now
something interesting with the new iMacs
is you can get a really good all-in-one
for actually a decent price with the
latest processors so if you need that 5k
4k display you're not connected to any
other displays so you don't need a lot
of the versatility with other
accessories I would actually say that
the imax are pretty good purchase
because you can upgrade to the ninth gen
i7 or I 9 in those and you can upgrade
the memory however this is why I would
convince you on a PC tower ok so the
price point for these PC towers once you
add a really nice display it'll probably
be on par with an iMac but I would argue
for a PC tower because you are a Video
Editor
you are into very heavy creative stuff
Nvidia Intel all of these people are
constantly upgrading their processors
and their graphics cards having an
Origin PC you literally just unscrew a
few screws and you could very easily
upgrade storage upgrade your processors
upgrade graphics as they release their
upgrades so you're not going to have to
buy a new computer every 2 years all you
do is spend the extra few hundred
dollars and do the very easy upgrades I
know I'm talking how do you feel giving
me a lot to think about but I like the
idea that I could customize it you know
for my needs
as I go along and there's so many good
displays out there Dell LG Samsung you
got the ultra wide I like things open
and honestly because I'm wearing so many
different hats throughout the day I kind
of need that so would you call yourself
more of a video person or a photographer
right now it's honestly 5050 and I kind
of go back and forth the only reason why
I asked you that is because I might
ruffle some feathers here
but if you are more of a photographer
like a photographer and a designer I
would say it's still worth it to get a
MacBook for those people because MacBook
keyboard is trash but their trackpad
yeah I will say the number one thing
that is the most frustrating about the
windows laptop game is all of the trash
trash pads all of the trash all of the
track pads are trashed the XPS 15 was
the best one that I tried out and it
wasn't just usable it's actually
enjoyable but all the other ones I've
tried out if I was a photographer if I
was editing on the move and I had to use
these track pads it would be a no-go cuz
I mean what is your photography process
do you do a lot of masking definitely do
I do a lot of editing in Lightroom and
then but I am a lot more now than I used
to going into Photoshop and masking and
doing a lot of detail work and a lot of
retouching on skin and things like that
so I need to be precise so I go you're
saying about the trackpad and when I am
traveling usually that's what I'm doing
is more photos than video editing a lot
of video editing I'm doing at home that
massive trackpad that the MacBook now
has that's really the only good upgrade
that we got is amazing it feels so good
Apple great job yeah regardless of your
upgrade it sounds like you might go to
Windows Land maybe you're gonna keep
your mat for your laptop stuff but maybe
you might get a desktop PC does
abandoning the Apple ecosystem terrify
you because I I phone all day you got a
message you got airdrop what scares you
I'm not gonna lie that's the main thing
holding me back because I got so used to
it and especially with iMessage with
airdrop you know if I want to post
something really quick then I can just
airdrop it to my phone it's so easy and
now what am I gonna do I know so there
are ways to set up your phone set up SMS
messaging
with the PC but the great thing about
iMessage is just the sheer amount of
data you can send over this and saying
you can send 20 pictures full res to
your friends without worrying about it
so I think the solution for that is you
know Google Drive Dropbox Adobe Creative
Cloud there are a lot of file sharing
services out there that can get you that
lossless download to your phone to post
an Instagram so I know it's hard to let
go but at the end of the day I think
you're gonna save time with rendering
times with export times even though
premiere crashes a lot everywhere I
found it crashes less on my PC desktop
and less on my on my XPS so Lizzie I
wish you the best of luck on the baby
and if you want to continue this party
guys I did a video over on Lizzie's
channel about photography what do we
chat about we talked about how to be a
photographer on a budget yeah yeah yeah
so that will be linked in the
description below and guys some more
laptop videos are gonna be hittin your
faces soon I took a little pause this
year will just be about reviewing new
laptops and through the lens of you guys
what do you need were you're curious
about so start a combo down in the
comments below and yeah subscribe to
both the bus yeah
pause subscribe check out my podcast
that creative life because we actually
did a podcast as well with Chris how
Chris hey Chris hahaha
Chris who so I'm gonna go shopping so
you go shopping but there's so many
things for you to check out to think
about let me know if you like this video
hit that subscribe button down below for
new videos every single week and until
next time guys stay peachy okay bye
[Music]